docs: utils api doc (#468)
NodeSecure/scanner: workspaces/utils/README.md

    name: string;
    email?: string;
    url?: string;
};`

Parses an author string into a structured object.

[NPM documentation - People fields](https://docs.npmjs.com/cli/v7/configuring-npm/package-json#people-fields-author-contributors)

```js
import * as utils from "@nodesecure/utils";

console.log(utils.parseAuthor("GENTILHOMME Thomas <foobar@gmail.com>")); // { name: 'GENTILHOMME Thomas', email: 'foobar@gmail.com' }
```

### `parseManifestAuthor(manifestAuthorField: string): utils.ParsedMaintainer | null`

Parses an author string from a package manifest (like `package.json`) into a structured object.

```js
import * as utils from "@nodesecure/utils";

console.log(utils.parseManifestAuthor("GENTILHOMME Thomas <gentilhomme.thomas@gmail.com>")); // { name: "GENTILHOMME Thomas", email: "gentilhomme.thomas@gmail.com" }
console.log(utils.parseManifestAuthor("John-David Dalton <john.david.dalton@gmail.com> (http://allyoucanleet.com/)")); // { name: "John-David Dalton", email: "john.david.dalton@gmail.com", url: "http://allyoucanleet.com/" }
```

### `getScoreColor(score: number): "red" | "orange" | "blue" | "green"`

Returns the color for a given score.

> Score between 0 and 3.9: red
> Score between 4 and 6.4: orange
> Score between 6.5 and 8.4: blue
> Score between 8.5 and 10: green

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Score between 0 and 3.9: red  
Score between 4 and 6.4: orange  
Score between 6.5 and 8.4: blue  
Score between 8.5 and 10: green
```
or 
```suggestion
- Score between 0 and 3.9: red
- Score between 4 and 6.4: orange
- Score between 6.5 and 8.4: blue
- Score between 8.5 and 10: green
```

Reviewer: (without spaces it will look like `Score between 0 and 3.9: red Score between 4 and 6.4: orange Score between 6.5 and 8.4: blue Score between 8.5 and 10: green`)

```js
import * as utils from "@nodesecure/utils";

console.log(utils.getScoreColor(6)); // orange
console.log(utils.getScoreColor(9.1)); // green
```

### `getVCSRepositoryPathAndPlatform(url: string | URL): [path: string, platform: string] | null`

> Returns an array with the repository path and platform from a VCS URL.
> VCS means Version Control System, like Git.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Parses a VCS (Version Control System) URL and returns a tuple containing the repository path and the platform name.
```
